[Music]
Just imagine the people back in the day
when we would have to travel certain
distances for months or even years. What
is one thing that they would carry with
them?
The Quran. Why? Because they did not
have it on their mobile devices or their
gadgets. Brothers and sisters, imagine
you have a app, the Qurani app, which
not only shows you how much rewards you
get, but reminds you to read the Quran,
gives you reminders. Download the Qurani
app now and let it testify for you on
Yawm al-Qiyamah that you read it
wherever you was. As-salamu alaykum wa
rahmatullahi wa barakatuh, brothers and
sisters and dear friends. Hope you guys
are well, inshallah. Yes. This is a new
set, the new podcast that we have, the
Dawah Bros podcast.
Alhamdulillah, it's going to be a weekly
show.
Excuse me. Every Wednesday,
alhamdulillah, brothers and sisters,
we're going to have debates and
discussions and dialogues and it's all
pertaining to the deen,
uh doubts, uh Christians, atheists,
agnostics, Jews are going to be calling
in the show.
That is a separate topic, inshallah.
Uh but just uh keep that in mind. Every
Wednesday from around 6:00 p.m. to 11:00
p.m., we are going to be live on here,
inshallah.
Now, there is a video that I came across
and I found it very disturbing. And this
is something um sadly, you know,
us men we have weaknesses in different
areas, alhamdulillah, which we know. But
when it comes to the unseen, when it
comes to magic, when it comes to evil
eye, when it comes to certain elements,
I would say not so much evil eye, I
would say the unseen. When it comes to
the future, a lot of women, and I've
spoken to dream interpreters that I
know, I've spoken to people who do
ruqyah,
and when it comes to magic and sihr,
sadly, a lot of sisters are very, very
curious of the future. Okay. Now,
that is a weakness within their self
that Allah has created them and that's a
test for them. The video that I'm going
to show you is of a Muslim woman in an
Arab country, which I do not know, who
goes into an internet cafe and prints
off material.
What were those material? Here's the
video, inshallah, because it is
absolutely shocking. Not only is it
shocking what she was printing,
what she says after of who her concern
is with is even more shocking. Here's
the video.
Okay. Let's get into it. So, this is a
woman. Now, there's a things that I want
to want I've I've caught my attention
cuz I look to attention in specific like
things in detail.
Um number one, she's going to an
internet cafe. In the internet cafe,
she's printing black magic sihr. She
gets caught, which is a very silly thing
to do. And
uh we we don't know why, but it shows
how desperate she must be. There's no
excuse for sihr. That she goes to an
internet cafe in a Muslim shop, in an
Islamic shop. What were you expecting?
The guy's going to look at her and
think, "What the hell is this?" He
confronts her. Now, there's a few things
that I need to bear in mind. Number one,
from just seeing her face, um you can
see that there's if if I'm not You might
think, "What are you talking about,
Ali?" There's Botox. Now, what you're
going to think, "Brother Ali, what on
earth has this got to do with anything?"
Let me tell you what.
A lot of sisters, they try It's as if
they worship their husbands. They think,
"If I look like this and look like that
and do this and do that, he will not go
somewhere else." Argue. I'm saying I'm
not This may not be the case.
The point is this.
It's might be because at the end what
does she say? She says something more
disturbing. She doesn't say, "May Allah
forgive me." or something like that. She
says, "If my husband finds out, he will
divorce me."
Which is a speculation.
My dear sisters, and this goes for all
men as well. Men who worship their wives
and wives who worship their husbands.
You worship Allah. Anything you worship
besides Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala,
directly or indirectly, Allah will
humiliate you with them. So,
that's why I'm saying because sometimes
you see a lot of Arab women, their lips,
like they turn their self into something
that looks subhanallah.
You might have natural beauty. You
destroyed your face. Why? So my husband
or the opposite gender can like me. And
that's why Allah says, "If you forget
me, I will make you forget your own
self." Now, one thing I want to
criticize the men here though is what?
She's begging you. She's saying, "I'm
sorry." Have some rahmah. They will code
us eyes. I understand it's a major,
major sin, sihr. In some countries, you
can get the capital punishment for this
matter. She is begging you. It's and you
guys are recording her and you put it on
online. Okay, for that matter. Okay. So
now the point is this.
The sister is more concerned about her
husband finding out and divorcing her.
Which to me shows an obsession again,
that's why I mentioned the whole Botox
thing etc., to the husband. Sister, who
cares about your husband? To hell with
him. Yes? You should be more concerned
about I stand an act of kufr
can take me out of fold of Islam.
Islamic jurisprudence is clear on this.
Some say even if the sahir repents, it's
capital punishment. That's how bad it
is. My dear sisters
that are going to this level. Tawakkul
in Allah is what tawhid is connected to.
You don't know the future, whatever it
may be. Who cares? You leave it in Allah
subhanahu wa ta'ala's hands. Otherwise,
this was a lesson from Allah as a
warning to you, my sister. The way those
men went about it, I don't agree. They
should have some mercy. Why are you
putting your cameras out? Yeah? Have
some mercy and say, "Look, my dear
sister, what you've done is adhim, it's
great. Repent to Allah subhanahu wa
ta'ala. Yeah?" She's talking about her
husband etc. Her more concern is more of
her husband, not losing her husband.
He'll divorce me. Maybe that sihr that
you were doing was cuz of that. It might
be whatever situation it is. But the
focus here should not be your husband.
It's the one who's given you your
husband and then you're violating the
right of the one who's given you your
husband to keep your husband.
Guys,
for those who, like they say, "The
curiosity killed the cat."
Have tawakkul in Allah. We don't believe
in ifs and what if this happened. That
man or that woman that you're with, if
it's bound that they're going to leave
you, if your heart was connected to
Allah, you would not be that bothered.
Of course, you'll be upset if you're in
a relationship with someone that you
loved and they ended up leaving,
whatever.
But Allah will never burden a soul more
than it can bear. So, do you see the
issues when we don't have tawakkul? This
applies to men as well. That we go into
areas of if I do magic, make him fall in
love with me. Do you really believe the
one who created the heavens and the
earth, natural laws? Look, gravity. If I
let go of this, it drops. Allah has
supernatural, the unseen, has also laws
in place that will affect you. So, for
those who are out there, who are going
to peers and this person to heal and I
love this person and kalam kalam kalam,
Allah will destroy it.
If you have tawakkul in Allah and put
Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala first, you
will not have this issue.
So, it goes back to tawhid. All of our
problems, they all go back to tawhid,
not understanding who Allah is. May
Allah forgive this sister and may Allah
forgive those forgive those brothers who
were so ruthless and reckless and with
no mercy towards her. Yes, she's begging
you. What do you want? Her blood? She's
begging you. Give her some nasiha off
camera. Give her some nasiha.
That's what I wanted to say. That's the
reason why I wanted to do this video cuz
I found this so disturbing, subhanallah.
And there are some men who do this. "My
wife's going to leave me." You flipping
simp. You're a flipping simp, man. Your
connection And I don't want to speak
big,
but Allah comes first in your life. May
If Allah takes whatever, "Oh Allah,
don't don't take my iman." Or whatever
Allah is going to test me with, "Oh
Allah, do not make me ever lose that
connection that I have with you." And
that's why when we do our morning and
evening azkar, what do we say? "Oh
Allah, do not leave me to myself for a
blinking of an eye." Because we are the
biggest fitna to ourself. We ourself are
a danger to ourself. So, that's all I
wanted to say. May Allah subhanahu wa
ta'ala forgive this sister, inshallah.
May Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala forgive
those who recorded her.
Uh subhanallah. Uh that's all I'm going
to say, inshallah. May Allah bless and
preserve you guys, brothers and sisters.
And like I said before, every Wednesday
from 6:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m., you can
join the Dawah Bros podcast uh where we
discuss with those enemies of Islam,
those who have genuine doubts and those
who want to accept Islam and answer the
questions.
Uh and we will hosting debates and
discussions as well, inshallah, with
different varieties of people. From now
on, we don't need Patrick Bet-David and
his dusty little show. We have Dawah
Bros podcast where we'll be inviting
Christians, atheists, Jews, agnostics,
alhamdulillah, where they will come here
and we'll be just with them and not be
one-sided and give them a platform where
they can talk, debate peacefully with a
dialogue with our top debaters,
hamdulillah which I don't need to name.
Till next time assalamualaikum
warahmatullah wabarakatuh and for those
brothers around the world who come to
the UK, our platform and the brothers in
the Dawah, this Dawah is broadcast. It's
not any Dawah show. It is for you guys.
We do not require a fee. We don't know
what one thing. We just want you to
serve the deen of Allah. Whoever you
want to debate have a discussion, you
can bring them here. We are at your
service. May Allah bless and preserve
you guys. Assalamualaikum warahmatullah
wabarakatuh.